so how long have you been Antonin again
now uh and just sort of happened Oh
chuckles like bad guys like you
I seem to mess it up almost every time
[Applause]
maybe you just need someone watch your
back
like a person
[Music]
back pin I actually heard what happened
to you you opened up the quantum realm
that's when he's crazy could be ghostly
like walks through walls and stuff so
Leo tech and now supposed to take over
the world or whatever
who would have believed that in your
hour of need you would turn the house at
me because we robbed you do you remember
that's us feel and chance we practiced
this oath the deal
and man in the wasp teaming up follow my
lead
[Music]
she seems more intense
you go low I'll go high I have wings why
would I go low
[Music]
we're gonna die
hey what'd I miss we were just tiny I
was partners with Hank on a project
called Goliath how big did you get my
record 21 feet
you've 65 feet 65 if you two are
finished comparing sizes 65
[Music]